MFLT-9214 Document that prelinking must be disabled for coredumps to work (#405)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/coredumps.mdx

LICENSE_FLAGS_ACCEPTED:append = " commercial_memfaultd commercial_memfault-core-handler"
```

### Make sure prelinking is disabled

[Prelinking][prelinking-wikipedia] is an operation which optimizes applications
load times by resolving library symbols before launch. However most of the
benefits of prelinking are lost unless PIE is disabled and both Glibc and Yocto
are dropping support for it. It is [disabled by default in Yocto since 3.4 -
Honister][prelinking-disabled-yocto].

To [disable prelinking][prelinking-yocto-doc] on an older version of Yocto where

> it is still enabled by default, you need to remove `image-prelink` from
> `USER_CLASSES` in `local.conf`.

Reviewer: I can imagine this is confusing to someone if there is no `USER_CLASS` defined in `local.conf` to begin with.
Maybe it's also better to suggest using `:remove` in case they do not have any override for `USER_CLASS` yet:

```suggestion
it is still enabled by default, you need to override `USER_CLASSES` in `local.conf`.
On Yocto versions before 3.4 - Honister, `USER_CLASSES` included `image-prelink` by default.

If you already have `USER_CLASSES` overridden in `local.conf`, make sure `image-prelink` is not included in the list.
If not, you can use `USER_CLASSES:remove = "image-prelink"` to keep the defaults, except for `"image-prelink"`.
```

https://docs.yoctoproject.org/bitbake/2.2/bitbake-user-manual/bitbake-user-manual-metadata.html#removal-override-style-syntax
